hey everyone we're back with another
video of marvel mighty heroes today
we're going to be looking at well
actually the event is ending in 18
seconds and apparently you know I didn't
really get to the last portion which is
unfortunate because I really wanted well
i don't i don't know if this is going to
continue so we're gonna have to wait for
seven seconds to see what happens but
there was an event and i didn't really
pay that much attention because we just
recently gone the game but hopefully we
still have time for this i'm not exactly
sure but hopefully we do let's go on
over here alright so we got the rewards
we got a bunch of stuff including iron
man mar 3 which is not exactly what I
wanted but let's collect it also ah they
changed it oh boy alright so I lost I
lost terribly you see the analyst was
there apparently and all right so we
have 24 hours left you know I wanted
Thanos unfortunately we weren't able to
get them now there's this yellow guy
here hey there's Hawkeye alright so as I
was saying the analyst was in here I
don't think I got a picture of Aunt
Thanos here which is terrible go down
here
all right we'll ranked number seven
apparently I mean I'm just scrolling
along to see if there's any differences
we're in titanium right now can we look
back at the event why can't we look back
at the previous event so this is two
weeks oh all right we just got in this
game and I think the people that were in
beta were able to get Thanos and yeah
unfortunately we look at it back at the
previous event all right no you can't
look back at the previous event ah boy
because it there was a really really
good Thanos picture in there till we've
gone another Iron Man not exactly got
like to boost for that iron man I see if
this thing works we have 12 of those
still a bit confused
alright let's cancel this what we're
going to do is go into the store let's
see what else is on for discount
alright so there was an error which
essentially crashed the game because I
think we were right there when they were
switching events let's go back for now
there's a new event and I was saying
yeah so there's a new kind of Captain
America stuff here look at his shield
what's wrong with his shield why is it
like electrifying like that that looks
pretty cool the only thing is I don't
know why it's like that alright we have
this premium package which is
essentially all right let's buy it all
right we got another Spidey I thought
that was a one-time Spidey it looks like
it's not while surprisingly so I guess
our Spidey has been upgraded but this is
the mark 42 let's go back
all right let's take a look at Spidey
maybe we can level them up wow we have a
lot of these now these things are taking
a very long time especially when you're
at a higher level what is Captain
America he is your fighter well would
you look at that this is working great
for Captain America but doesn't work
that well on Spidey all right anyways
this is the modern Captain America and
let me bring back Spidey here we're
going to keep Spidey we were leveling up
Nick Fury but since he's maxed out Oh
Captain America's max out too well I
guess our man is not maxed out we'll
bring out iron man that anyways I just
wanted to show you the events in this
game that is marvel mighty heroes